---
title: FAQs
permalink: /docs/en/getting-started/faqs
key: docs-faqs
---

## Why Node?

There are a number of reasons why Node is the best choice for writing a unit testing framework. At Heroku, they released their CLI in Ruby, Go, as well as Node. [This article gets more into detail on that history](https://blog.heroku.com/evolution-of-heroku-cli-2008-2017), but they certainly found that Node offers the best of everything.

First, JavaScript is the biggest language in the world. More people are able to write JavaScript than any other language and it by far has the biggest open source community. Everyone can write it and you'll find the most helpful libraries.

We've found that Node has the best cross platform support of any language we've used. In general, if you write code on macOS, you won't find many issues making it also run on Windows.

<br>
<br>

## Should I use npm or yarn?

It really doesn't make that much of a difference. If you're just getting started, keep it simple and use npm which comes with Node. We like to use yarn internally as it's a bit faster and we find the lockfiles friendlier.

<br>
<br>

## Why isn't Node X supported?


JSONNUNIT follows and supports [Node's Active LTS support schedule](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/). This allows oclif to stay current with Node's development.

<br>
<br>

## Why the name JSONNUNIT?

Quite simple: JSONNET + UNIT = JSONNUNIT. Make notice of the double usage of _N_: we want to make it clear that this framework is not related to JSON.
